---
title: Unlink 1337 CTF Part-2
layout: post
subtitle: My Experience while designing a beginner CTF challenges, Unlink-1337
date: '2020-05-07 15:00:00'
permalink: "/posts/unlink1337-ctf-part-2"
background: '/img/postback.jpg'
keywords:
- CTF
- Naveen Micheal
- naveenmicheal github
- unlink 1337
- naveenmicheal blog
- ctf writeup
- capture the flag
---

This is the continuation of the previous post Unlink1337 CTF Post, If you did not read the previous the post, here the [link](https://naveenmicheal.github.io/blog/posts/unlink1337-ctf-part-1)


In the next Catagory of Challenge is Cryptography section

## Challenge 6, Also u Brutus

There is an encrypted string given. the hint clearly indicates that is somehow related to Ceaser. 
	
Yes. it's a Ceaser Cipher It is a type of substitution cipher in which each letter in the plaintext is 'shifted' a certain number of places down the alphabet. For example, with a key 3, A would be replaced by C

 For decrypting the encrypted string, it requires the key, Here I chose 13, In the hint section has a word ROT B, It's the clue of ROTATION 13.

 You can also manually rotate in each letter in hand, but there are multiple online tools available out there, to make our life simpler

## Challenge 7: Everywhere is a Number

This challenge related to Number system, 

 What is mean by Number system,
 	In computer, everything is Numbers, Display, Audio, Video, File everything, In deep down everything is 0s and 1s
 	 (POWER UP, POWER LOW), there is a various representation of number system in here learn more from here 

In that challenge contains a string like

>  bXpjdGY= 7B 01110010 01001111 01101111 00110111 7D

In the hint shows a `( )64, ( )16, ( )2, ( )16`  here the 64 16 2 thease are called as base, each number system can be denoted by their by base system
  64 = Base64, 16 = Hex 2 = Binary

you can reverse the string by the conversion of the base system, here is the Table. on use any simple online tools out there.


## Challenge:8 Shark likes the internet

Here the **PCAP file** is given, Open the file with Wireshark

Wireshark is an open-source network packet analyzing tool widely used in network debugging and forensics learn more about Wireshark [learn more about Wireshark](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wireshark)

The Hint tells to find the HTTP packet with  POST method

for finding the particular type of packet out of millions of packet simply use **Wireshark filtering  mechanisms**, If you want to learn more about Wireshark advanced filtering and operating essentials, check out the amazing course from the Pluralsight 

*Getting Started with Analyzing Network Traffic Using Wireshark by Ross Bagurdes* [sign-up-now](http://referral.pluralsight.com/mQgnU4j)

In example `http.req.method == POST ,` this filter finds the HTTP packet with a POST method 

Open that packet by TCP Stream. search the content and find the flag from that 

## Challenge 9: Steal login

This challenge is also similar to the previous challenge, find out the HTTP packet with a POST method, get the login credentials from that data, and use that in challenge login package. and get the flag 

## Challenge 10: VCS is awesome

VCS stands for the Version control system. It's a tool that helps record changes to files by keeping a track of modifications done to the code.

Git is one of the most popular version control systems nowadays. if you are new to git version control check out the course

*Code School: Git Real by Olivier Lacan and Gregg Pollack* 
[sign-up-now](http://referral.pluralsight.com/mQgnU4j)

The challenge gives a zipped directory, the hint shows as an *"I Accidently commit my files state with flag. After that, I have removed the flag and again recommit that state. Is my Flag is leaked ?"*

so download and unzip the directory.

lookup the file called `app.py` there is a sentence tells "*Flag is redacted from here*"  The directory is a git repository, so we want to go back in time when the file has been committed with a flag

fire up your terminal or Gitbash, move to that directory, view the all commits made by git, as "git log".  

there is a commit on 1*3:16:28 with a message "added a flag".* for changing that state in git, copy the commit hash

and run the following command
 `git checkout d03af659db2364b0069d23dd80c941c12194038d,` done, now you successfully moved to that directory. now look at the file called `app.py` you got the flag. 

Thanks for reading .....